:memo: fix typos in readme (#7)
fabienjuif/myrtille: README.md

 - https://github.com/jamiebuilds/bey

# The goal
The goal is to have a simple state manager, without being strictely related to single view library (like React or Vue).
The Redux pattern, having a one-way state management, is a good pattern but Redux suffers from boilerplate, and once you add middleware you don't have clear separation of concerns.

> Myrtille tries to fix this drawback by using [immer](https://github.com/immerjs/immer) under the hood and by merging "reducers" and "reactions" into one place: listeners.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Myrtille tries to fix these drawbacks by using [immer](https://github.com/immerjs/immer) under the hood and by merging "reducers" and "reactions" into one place: listeners.
```
